hi everyone this is dave from gita noids
and this is the speck products handy
shell case for the ipad 2 this is a 32
pound or 40 US dollar case very very
nice packaging nice and easy to get into
let's get straight into it and have a
look at the case now you all know me
that I absolutely love my ipad 2 after i
had that initial problem with the first
one and got the second one really
pleased I certainly got another iPad so
very very important that you protect
your iPad and this is a really nice case
from speck products you can check out
all of their products at speck products
com it's got some different features on
this one actually which is a nice
refreshing change now they do the candy
shell and this is a play on that name
calling this the Handy shell very very
glossy on the inside let's get my iPad 2
and get it into the case so I'm going to
offer this up to the control side first
and just lower it into the case very
very gently just push it down and the
case should pop round all of the sides
which is done nicely and now let's have
a look around the case to see what it
looks like so we've also got full access
to the screen there's no nothing
covering up this front camera or the
home button and it's got this raised
profile as well if I just show you that
it's sort of raised along this edge
that's really nice because that's a nice
friendly design for when you lay on a
table like this the actual screen of
your device isn't going to touch the
surface that you're putting on that's a
nice nice or feature also i've got a
screen protector on my device and this
has not lifted up at all and i think
that's thanks to the nice soft silicone
around the edges so it's good there
hasn't affected my screen protector
let's have a look at bottom edge here so
we've got a nice cut out here for the
30-pin dock connector just hidden away
around the back another large cut out
there for the speaker
round on this side we've got cut out for
that rotation lock switch and also a
raised section for the volume up and
down and this doesn't affect the buttons
are told no extra effort needed to
operate the volumes now on the top we've
got a raised section for the sleep/wake
button and again you can see this coming
on with no extra effort nice cuts out
here for the headphone socket and also a
little tiny tiny cuts out here just for
the microphone which does a line spot on
so good job there while we're in this
close-up view you can see very very
little rough edges just around here that
doesn't really detract from the quality
of the case I think it's more than
acceptable and then on this side here
it's obviously completely blank they are
on the back this is where the case is a
little bit different we've also got cut
out for the camera we've also got this
here it's like a handle and it's so got
many purposes actually the first purpose
and drift correct me if I to do this
wrong but is to sort of hold the device
in different ways let me just pop this
down and that shows you the actual
second purpose of this which is to
actually use it as a stand so you can
use it in this mode for sort of photo
viewing video viewing or if you've
perhaps got some portrait photos you
could even put it round into this mode
here and have it standing upright so you
can stand in an upright mode as well how
cool is that you know it does also
mention on the packaging that you can in
fact put it all the way around here and
hold it like this and this sort gives
you just an extra bit of support on the
side of the stand so that you've got
saying firms grip onto and you can also
do it obviously in this rotation as well
with your left or right handed and it's
just something just to give that extra
bit of support here
if you need it and it counterbalances
the weight of the ipad a bit more I'm
unsure that I would ever use that
feature I think I would probably find
myself more using the standard feature
of it I think that's very nice and when
it's not in use it very quickly just
folds back down it doesn't rotate at all
so there's no rotation on this axis it
purely is just a slap out stand and I
think that's really good because you can
use it for giving a nice angle nice
viewing angle to your iPad to the amount
of protection it offers up is good too
this is the speck products handy shell a
little bit of a different design as I
say not so sure on whether i'm going to
use it to hold the device but certainly
for standing up I can see it being very
useful indeed well thanks very much for
watching I'll see you all again in the
next video
you